---
layout: post
title:  "New Year, New Hope for Statelessness?"
author: nkj
categories: [ Stateless Speaks ]
tags: [ ]
image: assets/images/post-03-logo/1.png
beforetoc: "The dotted flag, with its fragmented design and scribbly fill-in, powerfully captures the struggles and emotional turmoil of stateless individuals in Malaysia. Despite identifying as Malaysian, these individuals are denied citizenship and face an uncertain and bleak future."
toc: false
---

We are proud to announce the launch of our logo for Stateless.my, which was hand-drawn by a talented young Malaysian artist.

The dotted flag, with its fragmented design and scribbly fill-in, powerfully captures the struggles and emotional turmoil of stateless individuals in Malaysia. Despite identifying as Malaysian, these individuals are denied citizenship and face an uncertain and bleak future.

The flag's lack of color represents the stark reality faced by stateless individuals in Malaysia, who are often denied basic rights and opportunities. They must navigate a life defined by exclusion, marginalization, and a lack of hope.

The non-uniform lines on the flag reflect the diversity and uniqueness of each stateless individual's experience and background in Malaysia. Statelessness is not a one-size-fits-all issue, and each person's circumstances are shaped by a range of factors such as their background, location, and personal circumstances.

The scribbly fill-in on the flag represents the intense frustration and disappointment felt by stateless individuals in Malaysia. Bureaucratic hurdles and legal barriers prevent them from accessing citizenship and basic rights, leaving them feeling helpless and marginalized. 

The flag serves as a call to action for greater recognition and support for those affected by this issue, and a reminder of the emotional toll that statelessness takes on individuals and communities.
